README.md, before:

# effective_dart

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/effective_dart.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/effective_dart)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This package provides links that attempt to comply with all [*Effective Dart*](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart) guide rules.

**Be consistent. Be brief.**

> *Note*: This package is inspired by the [pedantic](https://github.com/dart-lang/pedantic) package, which contains lints internally used at Google.

## Using the Lints

To use the lints add a dev dependency in your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dev_dependencies:
  effective_dart: ^1.1.0
```

Then add an include in your `analysis_options.yaml` file:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.yaml
```

Or, if you using e.g. continuous builds, they will likely fail whenever a new version of `package:effective_dart` is released. To avoid this, specify a version of `analysis_options.yaml`:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.1.1.0.yaml
```

## Unused Lints

Following lints have been considered and will not be enforced by this package:

- `lines_longer_than_80_chars` might be practical not to follow for many people
- `unnecessary_getters` has been [disabled](https://github.com/dart-lang/linter/issues/23)
- `comment_references` is way too restrictive and comment references are handled in different ways in tools ([see this issue](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/36974))

## Suppressing Lints

There are situations when you want to suppress a specific lint rule. You can suppress lints alone in your project on multiple levels. We will go through examples of how to suppress `public_member_api_docs` lint rule.

> **Note**: this package tries to comply with all [*Effective Dart*](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart) guide rules. That means we generally do not want to disable a rule in this package if it works properly. Yet, if you think some rule should be disabled by this package, open an issue.

### Line Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a line of code, you can put an `ignore` comment above the line of code:

```dart
// ignore: public_member_api_docs
class MyClass {}
```

### File Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a file, you can put an `ignore_for_file` comment to the file:

```dart
// ignore_for_file: public_member_api_docs

class MyClass {}

class MySecondClass {}
```

### Project Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a project, you can modify your `analysis_options.yaml` file:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.yaml

linter:
  rules:
    public_member_api_docs: false
```

## Badge

Show the world you're following the *Effective Dart* guide → [![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://github.com/tenhobi/effective_dart)

```md
[![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://github.com/tenhobi/effective_dart)
```

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add link to supported lint rules site

README.md, after:

# effective_dart

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/effective_dart.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/effective_dart)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This package provides links that attempt to comply with all [*Effective Dart*](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart) guide rules.

**Be consistent. Be brief.**

> *Note*: This package is inspired by the [pedantic](https://github.com/dart-lang/pedantic) package, which contains lints internally used at Google.

You can easily see all enabled rules on the [Supported Lint Rules](http://dart-lang.github.io/linter/lints/) site.

## Using the Lints

To use the lints add a dev dependency in your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dev_dependencies:
  effective_dart: ^1.1.0
```

Then add an include in your `analysis_options.yaml` file:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.yaml
```

Or, if you using e.g. continuous builds, they will likely fail whenever a new version of `package:effective_dart` is released. To avoid this, specify a version of `analysis_options.yaml`:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.1.1.0.yaml
```

## Unused Lints

Following lints have been considered and will not be enforced by this package:

- `lines_longer_than_80_chars` might be practical not to follow for many people
- `unnecessary_getters` has been [disabled](https://github.com/dart-lang/linter/issues/23)
- `comment_references` is way too restrictive and comment references are handled in different ways in tools ([see this issue](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/36974))

## Suppressing Lints

There are situations when you want to suppress a specific lint rule. You can suppress lints alone in your project on multiple levels. We will go through examples of how to suppress `public_member_api_docs` lint rule.

> **Note**: this package tries to comply with all [*Effective Dart*](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart) guide rules. That means we generally do not want to disable a rule in this package if it works properly. Yet, if you think some rule should be disabled by this package, open an issue.

### Line Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a line of code, you can put an `ignore` comment above the line of code:

```dart
// ignore: public_member_api_docs
class MyClass {}
```

### File Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a file, you can put an `ignore_for_file` comment to the file:

```dart
// ignore_for_file: public_member_api_docs

class MyClass {}

class MySecondClass {}
```

### Project Level

To suppress a specific lint rule on a project, you can modify your `analysis_options.yaml` file:

```yaml
include: package:effective_dart/analysis_options.yaml

linter:
  rules:
    public_member_api_docs: false
```

## Badge

Show the world you're following the *Effective Dart* guide → [![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://github.com/tenhobi/effective_dart)

```md
[![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://github.com/tenhobi/effective_dart)
```

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
